the search
is over the votes have been
independently verified
and we have our winner the band
with the most public votes and therefore
the winner
of little mix the search is
since september
[Applause]
since september everyone
come on down here lads you can
absolutely feel the love from the rest
of the guys
and a huge congratulations to all the
rest of our finalists managers
since september you've just won little
mix the search how are you feeling
chris have we done that let me tell you
i
this has been an hour first and foremost
this has been absolute pleasure
i'm sure i can speak for everyone on
this stage we've all dreamt of this
and it could have been anyone tonight
we're all so four different bands
could have went anyway and i'm delighted
with the boys you want to say it's been
a pleasure to get to know everyone on
this stage
and especially you girls
but firstly the love for all of you on
this show is incredible it's incredible
girls since september are going to be
joining you on tour how do you feel
honestly you guys are
you're ready to go like we just can't
wait to work with you guys and see
how amazing your career
[Music]
you